# cs465-fullstack
CS-465 Full Stack Development with MEAN


Making code to get the computer science applications to print in the right order was the issue I was trying to solve in these projects. In my opinion, Project One served as a sort of foundation for Project Two. For the majority of the troubles I encountered this semester, I was able to find solutions by consulting the course material I was given via ZyBooks or other outside resources like Stack OverFlow. That also applied to my barriers because they are essentially the same as problems and demand for the same remedy (in my instance). Simply because it changed my perspective and exposed me to a variety of ways I could employ in the future, working on this project has greatly aided my approach to building software. It made me feel more at ease with the thought of taking on something I've never done before. However, I have had a somewhat difficult time to get my code to run, all the way since module 3. Because I know I'll be working on projects for a company or numerous organizations in the future, I've always tried to make things as readable, manageable, and flexible as possible. In my opinion, simplicity is crucial and there is never a reason to overcomplicate something if you don't have to. Data structures are crucial since each one can be valuable in the future. Therefore, if you don't understand the value of each one and how to use it, you risk creating a lot of extra work for yourself that will ultimately fail or complicate your life when it doesn't have to.
This course has definitely helped me reach my professional goals, and if not quite that, at least it has taught me that I need to be patient, and work on one error at a time. If I have an error and the program doesn’t run, I need to re-evaluate what’s wrong and fix it, before moving on. 
Several distinct forms of front end code were utilized in various areas of the application during the development of the full stack project. The customer-facing website was initially created in Express HTML and then switched to a.hbs view in order to improve rendering times by avoiding having to fully load the entire website with each refresh. HTML cannot communicate with backend databases to dynamically update information because it is static and client facing. A frontend and backend coding language called Javascript is used to add dynamic components to websites. This was done in order to retrieve trip data from the MongoDB database and enable dynamic page changes in response to user input. A single-page application is a website that, unlike an HTML page, does not completely refresh the page in response to user activities. When engaging with the application itself, this is especially helpful in giving the website a local/native application feel.
JSON is a standardized method for encoding object data so that Javascript may read it and turn it into a literal Javascript object. As a result, creating an object in the Javascript language using the data is simple for Javascript. By enabling data and Javascript objects to be saved on the backend and used in various contexts depending on what the frontend is asking the data for, this links frontend and backend development. This implies that the data only needs to be saved once and may then be retrieved and used in various ways.
MongoDB is a strong and incredibly scalable database that can be used as the backend of any application. There are numerous advantages it offers backend developers that may be challenging to obtain elsewhere or on any other data platform for developers. Additionally, compared to the relational model, their data models' flexibility and usability can speed up development, especially in the context of cloud computing.
